[RHACS] Modularized and removed duplicate docs, updated CLI options (#87677)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/using-the-build-time-network-policy-generator.adoc

[id="using-the-build-time-network-policy-generator_{context}"]
= Using the build-time network policy generator

[role="_abstract"]
The build-time network policy generator is included in the `roxctl` CLI.
For the build-time network policy generation feature, `roxctl` CLI does not need to communicate with {product-title-short} Central so you can use it in any development environment.

.Prerequisites
. The build-time network policy generator recursively scans the directory you specify when you run the command.
Therefore, before you run the command, you must already have service manifests, config maps, and workload manifests such as `Pod`, `Deployment`, `ReplicaSet`, `Job`, `DaemonSet`, and `StatefulSet` as YAML files in the specified directory.

> . Verify that you can apply these YAML files as-is using the `kubectl apply -f` command. The build-time network policy generator does not work with files that use Helm style templating.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. Verify that you can apply these YAML files by using the `kubectl apply -f` command. The build-time network policy generator does not work with files that use Helm style templating.
```

. Verify that the service network addresses are not hard-coded. Every workload that needs to connect to a service must specify the service network address as a variable. You can specify this variable by using the workload's resource environment variable or in a config map.

> ** link:https://github.com/np-guard/cluster-topology-analyzer/blob/main/tests/k8s_guestbook/frontend-deployment.yaml#L25:L28[Example 1: using an environment variable]
> ** link:https://github.com/np-guard/cluster-topology-analyzer/blob/main/tests/onlineboutique/kubernetes-manifests.yaml#L105:L109[Example 2: using a config map]
> ** link:https://github.com/np-guard/cluster-topology-analyzer/blob/main/tests/onlineboutique/kubernetes-manifests.yaml#L269:L271[Example 3: using a config map]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
** link:https://github.com/np-guard/cluster-topology-analyzer/blob/main/tests/k8s_guestbook/frontend-deployment.yaml#L25:L28[Example 1: Using an environment variable]
** link:https://github.com/np-guard/cluster-topology-analyzer/blob/main/tests/onlineboutique/kubernetes-manifests.yaml#L105:L109[Example 2: Using a config map]
** link:https://github.com/np-guard/cluster-topology-analyzer/blob/main/tests/onlineboutique/kubernetes-manifests.yaml#L269:L271[Example 3: Using a config map]
```

----
. Generate the policies by using the `netpol generate` command:
+
[source,terminal,subs="+quotes"]
----

> $ roxctl netpol generate _<folder_path>_ [flags] <1>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
$ roxctl netpol generate <folder_path> [flags] <1>
```
